Update faq.md (#5658)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/privacy/faq.md

#### Google Analytics
To send user deletion requests to Google Analytics you must authenticate your Google Analytics account with Segment using OAuth. If you have the Google Analytics destination enabled in one or more sources, you must authenticate your account in each destination(s) settings. Navigate to the **User Deletion** settings in your Segment Google Analytics settings and use your email and password to authenticate your account.

> ### What are different regulation types supported and when they can used?
> 
> - **SUPPRESS_ONLY**: Suppress new data based on the `userId` without deleting existing data.
> - **UNSUPPRESS**: Stop the ongoing suppression of a `userId`.
> - **SUPPRESS_WITH_DELETE**: Suppress new data based on the `userId` and also delete all existing data for that ID from your workspace and our internal archives. While we do forward the deletion request to our supported destinations, we cannot guarantee deletion.
> - **DELETE_INTERNAL**: Deletes user data from within Segment archives only and not from any connected destinations.
> - **DELETE_ONLY**: Deletes user data from Segment, connected warehouses along with a request being sent to the supported destinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What regulation types does Segment support?

Segment supports the following regulation types:
- **SUPPRESS_ONLY**: Suppress new data based on the `userId` without deleting existing data stored in your workspace and in downstream destinations.
- **UNSUPPRESS**: Stop the ongoing suppression of a `userId`.
- **SUPPRESS_WITH_DELETE**: Suppress new data based on the `userId` and also delete all existing data for that ID from your workspace and our internal archives. While Segment forwards the deletion request to your downstream destinations, Segment cannot guarantee deletion in your third-party tools.
- **DELETE_INTERNAL**: Deletes user data from within Segment archives only and not from any connected destinations.
- **DELETE_ONLY**: Deletes user data from Segment and your connected warehouses. Also sends a deletion request to your downstream destinations.
```
